=pod

=head1 NAME

Catalyst::Plugin::ConfigLoaderDirs - Load config from a selection of specified
directories

=head1 VERSION

version 0.01

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    package MyApp;

    use strict;
    use warnings;

    use Catalyst::Runtime '5.70';

    use Catalyst qw/-Debug ConfigLoaderDirs/;

    our $VERSION = '0.01';

    __PACKAGE__->config( name => 'MyApp' );
    __PACKAGE__->config( 'Plugin::ConfigLoaderDirs' => { directory => [ '/etc', '__HOME__' ] } );

    __PACKAGE__->setup;

    1;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This is a thin layer over L<Catalyst::Plugin::ConfigLoader> that allows the
specification of a set of directories to search for configuration data.  This
allows, for example, the use of a global configuration directory to be used
rather than the configuration being within the application directory itself.

As this is an initial trial module it has not been pushed to CPAN at this time.

=head2 find_files

This method determines the potential file paths to be used for config loading.
It returns an array of paths including the extension to pass to
L<Config::Any|Config::Any> for loading.

=head2 get_config_directory_set

Returns a set of directories to search for config within, based on the
information configured for C<Plugin::ConfigLoaderDirs> under the C<directory>
key.

=head1 INSTALLATION

See perlmodinstall for information and options on installing Perl modules.

=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS

You can make new bug reports, and view existing ones, through the web interface
at L<https://github.com/nigelm/catalyst-plugin-configloaderdirs/issues>.

=head1 AVAILABILITY

The project homepage is
L<https://github.com/nigelm/catalyst-plugin-configloaderdirs/>.

The latest version of this module is available from the Comprehensive Perl
Archive Network (CPAN). Visit L<http://www.perl.com/CPAN/> to find a CPAN site
near you, or see
L<https://metacpan.org/module/Catalyst::Plugin::ConfigLoaderDirs/>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Nigel Metheringham <nigelm@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2014 by Nigel Metheringham.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the same
terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut
